Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to retrieve products from our cloud faster database.
And I'm going to show you on how to do this.
Using the flow fire documentation.
You can see basically we have two main ways of retrieving data from the cloud faster database, and
one of the ways is using a future builder.
And I think I've shown you this before, I'm going to show you this again.
Leap and.
Views, views and profile.
Okay.
Profile screen and you can see why we are using the future of beta.
And there is no difference between this code and what we have over here because I basically got it from
here.
Right.
Okay.
So what I'm trying to say, we have two main ways of retrieving data from our cloud faster.
And one of the ways is using a future beta.
And you can basically see what it does over here is it's read a collection of documents once.
Right.
That means.
Once we use a future builder, if a new data comes in, we have to refresh that screen in order to get
that new data.
So that's what is basically saying.
So read a collection or document once, call the query dots, gas or documentary trends that get stored
in the below.
You can see why and this was the code basically just copied from okay.
And another way of retrieving data is using a distributor.
You can basically see what it does every time changes flutter fire provides support for dealing with
real time changes.
What this is basically saying is like your WhatsApp, when a user sends you message, you get this in
real time.
So when you want to retrieve data and you basically want the data to appear immediately without having
to refresh that screen, what you have to use is something known as Stream Viewer, which you can still
buy, and it is very similar to that of The Future Builder, just that when you use the future builder,
if a new data comes in, you have to refresh that screen in order to get that new data.
But if you use a distributor, it will immediately get that new data without having you to refresh.
Okay.
Just like WhatsApp chats.
We can basically say WhatsApp chat is using a stream builder.
Right.
Okay.
Now, what we can do now is.
I'm just going to close this.
And within the views, we are going to create a new folder and we're going to call this folder gallery.
And within the gallery, we are going to create a new file and we can call this main.
Gallery.
Dot gaming gallery, maybe screen then dot dot.
Okay.
And this control should be and we're going to create a stateful widgets stateful widget and we can call
this man.
Gallery and screen.
And over here we have to alight and use control and dots to import the material.
That's package.
And for now we can just say maybe color colors.
Okay.
Call us that red.
And use control necessary.
And what we can do, we can head back to the home screen.
Homescreen.
And instead of having this over here, we can get rid of it.
That is with the tab bar view.
Right.
And we can then use the.
The men I think we call this inwards Galloway screen and definitely you have to halt to start this.
It's going to take some time to restart and basically we have to log in again and.
We are then going to see this new screen called Main Gallery Screen.
Let's just wait for this a bit and.
Okay.
And now we have to log in because this is going to take us back to the.
And the email address is.
Click on this link.
Sorry.
Famous store.
Just going to log into G.M..
It's calm.
The Aegean Sea and in.
Okay.
Okay is walking right in back to the gallery folder and main gallery.
And what we want to do is to retrieve the products we have over here.
Right.
To do that, we are going to be using the computer because any time we upload a product over here,
we want it to be displayed real time in the main gallery screen.
Okay.
Great.
And to do that to.
Do that.
All we just have to do is to copy from this over here.
And it's, it's yeah, right.
It's concurrency and copy.
And we then have to get rid of this container.
And his this.
And definitely we're going to have all these errors.
First of all, we have to import this.
Okay.
And now it can't find this.
So what we then have to do is to copy this code.
Copy this code.
And.
We ended the past year OC before the override.
And we are going to this over a year.
We can just just control and be.
And instead of user stream, we are not recurring users but products.
So we are going to call this on this core product.
Third upstream.
And definitely we have to change this to underscore products.
Products was stream.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And this is going to be what products?
That is the name of this collection.
Or via products.
Right.
In the future.
Don't worry, we will be able to filter just for the main.
But for now we can just retrieve all of our products.
Okay.
This is basically all we need to do.
You can see why over here we basically created a variable called on the score product stream and it's
equal to Firebase Faster.
I think you've seen something similar to this before.
Those dot collection and the name of the collection is Product Right and Dot Snapshot.
This is basically referring to Dot get right.
Same with the future beta.
I think for the future beta, we said don't get what first stream beta you have to say dot snapshot.
So it's basically it's basically a similar to that of the dot get and it is also a type of query snapshots
when dealing with a lot of data as it is referred to as query snapshots.
And you can see why I think you see something like this before.
It's snapshots.
Snapshots.
And this is a variable that has access to all our details over here.
Right.
And we're are basically saying if it has error, we don't want to return a test which is going to say
something went wrong.
If our condition states that is equal to weighting, that is if it is trying to fetch the data, we
then want to return a test or we don't want to return it, but we want to return its center widget.
And this is going to have a chart and secular secular progress.
Progress.
Okay.
Hopefully.
Secular.
Progress.
Indicator.
And we're going to change the colors to say colors assign.
Okay.
So when trying to retrieve data, I think we need an addition.
We want to have that little spinner.
Okay.
In the way you can.
I think you basically know what this is.
And we do not have any fields known as full name.
But we do have what?
Here we have a product.
I think we have product name.
Okay.
We have product name.
Look for the test.
This is just going to be product name and maybe price.
Okay.
We're just going to display these two fields for now.
Price and product name.
Hopefully we have no spelling mistakes or else we are going to have a state error.
This country needs to save.
And let's go see if.
Okay.
And the reason for this error is because this prize is a number.
Right.
And you can see over here we are basically converting to test.
So what we have to do.
So we are just saying it is a test.
And you can see over here we are expecting a number.
You can see the type is a number and we are passing that number to a test.
So what we have to do is to convert this number to string by saying dot to string.
Okay.
Is control and save now?
And.
Okay.
Maybe I'm just going to.
What we can just do is restart or restart this.
And it will take some time.
Okay.
Let's go check it out.
We have to re log in again.
We are going to sort this out in the future.
Famous stir.
It's a G.M. that's come and be g-a-y YMC and again.
Okay.
Still the same.
What we can just do for now, we can just maybe get rid of the subsides for now and use control necessary
save to display just the product name.
Okay.
You can see.
Wow.
Successfully fetched.
So we have successfully retrieved the the products from our cloud faster rights since good.